Update to observability docs for OTEL (#2876)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/monitoring/tracing/otel-collector/_index.md

---
type: docs
title: "Open Telemetry Collector"
linkTitle: "Open Telemetry Collector"
weight: 700

> description: "How to setup your observability tools to receive application traces"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "How to set up your observability tools to receive application traces"
```
